hey there guys what's going on my name's
oli 43 and welcome back to my channel
today I'm showing you a little guide on
how to open the car go Bob and also the
Titan some of you saw it in my last
funny moments video and a lot of you are
asking me in the comments section so
while I'm waiting for George to get back
on line basically I thought I don't
create little guide video for you guys
on how to do it it's pretty simple it's
not difficult to and if you're wondering
where to get the car go Bob and Titan
I'll just show you in just a second let
me just land up here on the maze bank
let's just get up here let me land
quickly oh okay here we go okay so if
you want to find where the car go Bob
and Titan is first of all I'll show you
where the car go Bob is this is the best
place for it it's a little dock down
here and so I guess pause the video and
look for that on your map it doesn't
always spawn in if it doesn't spawn in
and fly away or drive away and drive
back and it will eventually spawn it so
it actually used to not spawn in there
after certain level but they've changed
that so that's pretty good to know and
the Titan sorry is in the airport and I
believe it's one of the back hangars I
think it's one of these ones but if you
go to the back of the airport is
definitely in one of the hangars I'll
show you in just a little while so yeah
how do you get the back of this thing
open well all you have to do is find a
flat piece of ground like this and just
dip the back of it and try and hit it
like that and you can see the back of it
is starting to open slightly you can't
do it too many times in the cargobob
because it will just destroy the thing
so you have to be good and get not lucky
I found the best method is to try and
get as vertical as possible which is
kind of difficult to do but definitely
is a knack to it but there you go that's
how you get it and just to show you can
go inside oh that was close let's just
show you me going inside and checking it
out so yeah this is me inside when you
stand inside if you didn't know it's in
the video it's actually really really
stable not like the Tison until
so you could probably get like five or
six of you in there just chilling out
not doing very much and yeah that's
pretty cool so yeah let's go and show
you how to open up the Titan so it's
been one of the back hangers I believe
it's this one on this side but I might
be wrong so let's find out I'm just
gonna jump out here hmm and I'll just
skydive down quickly got a little
parachute
yeah there it is so this one's also
pretty simple classic you go all you
need to do is get your fists out and you
just need to punch like the side here
what you can see the line where it kind
of joins so if you punch that it will
kind of drop like that and all you need
to do from here is just pull away and it
will open gradually now it's a little
bit sketchy because if you do it with
somebody else it's going to appear open
on your screen and closed on their
screen or vice versa it's a little bit
glitchy when George and I were making
the funny moments montage with the
Titans it was actually really really
difficult because it didn't always equal
what was on my screen to us on his
screen so he didn't know what was going
on I didn't know what was going on and
let me just take off a little gander see
it does closed back up again and you
can't open it once it goes back up again
so the only way to get it back open is
to land again and do the same thing the
only problem with that is yeah the
vehicle says it's are on the video don't
really like to be inside the Titan they
do blow up and you do die and stuff at
that so yep once again yes sir that's
how you do it so yeah hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you found it
useful or found it informative please
give it a like it's really much
appreciated and the support on the
channel recently is amazing the channel
is doing incredibly well so I really
appreciate you guys being really
supportive and awesome and all of that
stuff so yeah thanks for watching this
video
Oh before I go let's see if I can
actually show you inside the Titan
that'd be pretty cool and see if I can
pull away a little bit and just get it
down
what
okay so that should be enough usually
just go down more or don't hit the
blades usually does go down more but I
just what there we go so this is inside
the Titan so there we go
anyway guys thanks for watching this
video I'll catch you tomorrow for
another funny moments video hopefully
it'd be really cool but yeah thanks for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow for
another video